Oh summer always creeps up on me before
I've managed to get my beach body ready
well if you've got four minutes a day
for a few exercises that will give you
the apps of your dreams and then so do I
so let's do this one dead bug lie on the
floor with your arms stretch toward the
ceiling bend your knees at 90 degrees
with your feet raised from the floor now
without bending it lower your left arm
to the floor over your head and extend
your right leg down at the same time
both your left arm and your right leg
should be parallel to the floor return
to the initial position and repeat the
same thing with your right arm and left
leg keep switching arms and legs like
that for the next 30 seconds go Ted bug
who comes up with these names anyway
well however weird the name may sound
this exercise is good for any fitness
level it's also a great way to start
your training because it's easy on your
neck and lower back when you're lowering
your limbs it's really important not to
touch the floor just keep them hovering
above it and done very nice two lateral
plank walk get yourself into a plank
position arms outstretched hands beneath
your shoulders feet only supported on
your toes make sure your back and legs
are completely straight now lift your
right arm and right leg from the floor
simultaneously and shift them to the
right do the same thing with your left
arm and leg shifting them to the right
as well so that you end up in the same
plank position go back to your initial
position by first lifting and shifting
your left arm and leg to the left and
then do it with your right extremities
what training goes without a plank these
days right well this exercise takes it
to another level
lateral plank walk gives a nice shake to
your entire core making it work much
better than a simple plank would just
make sure all your movements are
controlled don't go stomping around and
times up
three plank hop the forum for this one
is rather simple get into the plank
position with your arms straight palms
down and beneath your shoulders put your
feet together and keep them that way
throughout the whole routine now in a
mighty hop bring your feet forward in to
the right with your knees as close to
your right elbow as you can jump back
into the starting position and then hop
your legs forward and to the left once
again trying to touch your elbow with
your knees this counts as one rep this
exercise is pretty similar to burpees
and if you've ever done those well you
know how brutal they can be but plank
hops are easier and no less beneficial
for your abs given the intensity they're
even better if you ask me the faster you
go with a hop the better it is as a
cardio exercise still don't overdo it
keep a comfortable pace not to strain
yourself too much okay that's it now
let's keep it moving for crab toe touch
sit on the mat with your legs bent at
the knees place your feet and palms flat
on the floor feet close together hands
behind you
fingers facing your back lift your butt
from the floor supporting your weight on
your hands and feet now in a slow and
controlled movement raise your right leg
straight up as much as you can and touch
your toes with your left hand return to
the initial position and alternate sides
kick your left leg up and touch it with
your right hand
crab toe touches are awesome when it
comes to core training because they keep
your abs and back engaged the whole time
while making you sweat by doing some
aerobic exercise as an added bonus
you'll work your shoulders and glutes
too
just remember not to sit on the floor in
between the reps and done nice job five
forearm side plank hip dip
get in the forearm side plank by
supporting your body on your right
forearm keep your feet close together
propping yourself on your right foot
with your left one resting on top of it
try to touch the floor with your right
hip and then return to the initial
position keep doing that for half a
minute
and as always don't rush it side planks
are a must when it comes to hitting
those obliques which is good because
they shape your waistline and that means
no more love handles with planks it's
all about the form so be sure your body
makes a completely straight line when
you're not dipping your hips to the
floor almost done now and stop six leg
lifts lie on your back with both your
legs and arms straight breathe out and
keeping your feet close together lift
your legs up be careful not to bend them
at the knees make it a slow movement -
now breathe in and lower your legs back
to the floor without actually touching
it after a second or two lift them up
again let's put 30 seconds on the clock
now as you're doing leg lifts pay
particular attention to your lower back
it shouldn't get strained otherwise you
know you're doing them wrong this
exercise is great for strengthening the
core muscles especially the ones in your
lower abs so yeah bye bye annoying belly
pooch and done seven down dog
abs
[Music]
get into the plank position and go to
the downward-facing dog pose that's when
your butt is lifted upwards so that your
body makes a reversed V your legs arms
and back should be straight
pants shoulder-width apart and your head
between your arms then lift your right
leg and stretch it up towards the
ceiling now bring it back down bending
it at the knee and touching your right
elbow with your kneecap your arm should
stay straight though no cheating
lift and extend your right leg up again
then bring it down with the same knee
bending motion then switch your legs and
do the same movement with your left leg
first up then down to the left elbow up
down and across to the right elbow I
know the steps sound pretty complicated
but it'll get easier once you get the
movements down and this exercise is a
great one like the rest on this list
because it targets your court and glutes
yep that means chiseled abs in a tight
bum two birds with one stone okay you're
done with this one so let's move on to
the final exercise eight warrior balance
stand up straight and lift your right
leg so that your knee is at hip height
in front of you raise your arms and bend
them so that your hands are level with
your shoulders propping yourself only on
your left leg then forward at the hips
simultaneously extending your arms
forward and your right leg backward your
left leg should be slightly bent at the
knee for better support pay attention to
the form your whole body except the left
leg should form a straight line no
bending at the waist pause for a second
and get back to the initial position it
might not seem like you're really
hitting any muscles during this exercise
but balancing your body really is a
workout warrior balance makes you get in
control of your entire core
strengthening it and making you burn
belly fat with the sheer strain of your
whole body it also targets your glutes
and hamstrings so it's triple the
benefit
and that's it for today great job if you
keep coming back to this video and doing
these quick and relatively easy
exercises regularly you'll be on the
road to the ripped ABS of your dreams
plus you've got some glute exercises in
there some aerobics for better stamina
and calorie burning and plenty of nice
stretches to boost your flexibility pair
this workout with a healthy diet and
plenty of water and you're good to go
and what easy tricks do you know to get
the ABS of your dreams let me know down
in the comments don't forget to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life